README.md, before:

# Weather and Medication Alert App

Welcome to the documentation for the backend of my weather and medication alert app! This app aims to provide real-time notifications about changes in the weather to me using a React Native App on the frontend. This is my first backend built using test-driven development.

This backend is currently configured to use Ambee Weather and Pollen APIs.

## Motivation

I suffer from weather induced migraines and hayfever but I often find that I forget to take my medication before I get symptoms, hence I have created this app! The aim is that notifications will appear on my phone prior to migraine or hayfever triggers to notify me to take my preventative medication. This backend will fetch the data from weather APIs and return it to the frontend in a consistent format, ths enabling me to change the API used without modifying the frontend.

## In Progress...

- Initialise express app ✔️
- Create folder structure ✔️
- Create test data to temporarily return to frontend ✔️
- Configure node modules ✔️
  - Install dotenv, helmet, CORS, node-fetch ✔️
- Create router tests ✔️
- Create router
- Create models

# License
MIT

# Credits

- Claire Doswell

Commit message:

Ammended routes to use mock data for frontend testing. Jest tests currently not working

README.md, after:

# Weather and Medication Alert App

Welcome to the documentation for the backend of my weather and medication alert app! This app aims to provide real-time notifications about changes in the weather to me using a React Native App on the frontend.

This backend is currently configured to use Ambee Weather and Pollen APIs.

## Motivation

I suffer from weather induced migraines and hayfever but I often find that I forget to take my medication before I get symptoms, hence I have created this app! The aim is that notifications will appear on my phone prior to migraine or hayfever triggers to notify me to take my preventative medication. This backend will fetch the data from weather APIs and return it to the frontend in a consistent format, ths enabling me to change the API used without modifying the frontend.

## In Progress...

- Initialise express app ✔️
- Create folder structure ✔️
- Create test data to temporarily return to frontend ✔️
- Configure node modules ✔️
  - Install dotenv, helmet, CORS, node-fetch ✔️
- Create router tests ✔️
- Create routers ✔️
- Create models ✔️
- Test routers ✔️
- Change routes to use mock data for frontend testing ✔️

# License

MIT

# Credits

- Claire Doswell
